---
layout: post
title:  "Yoga: Day 0"
---

### The hateful yogi

<p>Of all people, I would be the last person to be struck as the type to be a yogi. Looking at all the people posting a picture of themselves in tree pose, together with an uplifting emotional quote, I just want to tell them, no one cares if you worked out today, and no one asked. The world is fucking burning, and yet you are spreading your positivity and announcing that life is amazing while tons of others are suffering at the exact same time. Tt&rsquo;s straight up stupidity.<br><br>My friends were all true until 6 months ago.<br><br>I never imagined doing yoga because of my inflexibly and misconception. When I was in secondary school, we would have to participate in the sit and reach test before every semester starts. I broke the school record - of being the most inflexible. My teacher always thought I was messing with her when I perform my comical bend and still not even reaching the marks. That is how inflexible I have been, and I could never touch my toe no matter how hard I try to bend forward.<br><br>As unfit as I am, I do exercise. I can&rsquo;t say I&rsquo;m a runner, but I used to run 2-3 times a day, for 7km each time. It started out when I was in my most heavy depression in life. &nbsp;I always hated PE lessons in high school as it felt like a torture and a way to shame unfit teens. But without being forced to do it, I tried to enjoy it and surprisingly I started developing this hobby with runners high. Even when it&rsquo;s raining I&rsquo;d still do cardio watching youtube aerobic videos at home.<br><br>But yoga? Yoga seemed like none of them to me as it&rsquo;s just posing different posture. In 2020, a friend of mine invited us to a yoga class her friend teaches. I rejected her, of course. But then the gang offered to pay for my first class as they thought it would be fun to hangout. Eventually I compromised under the peer pressure. WOW. It was unexpectedly exhausting.<br><br>Of course it feels nice to sketch your body, but through sketching, you are told to open up your chest, body and to feel the moment. I unconsciously stopped walking with my rounded back looking at the ground anymore. Instead, I&rsquo;d fling my upper body and walk with confident. And we would end every class with a gentle chant of &lsquo;namaste&rsquo;, which is to express thankfulness not only to the instructor, but also to take a moment to appreciate ourselves for sparing an hour in our life to love ourselves a little.<br><br>It&rsquo;s lame, but I learnt how to love myself through yoga.<br><br>My depression routine is usually to snooze my alarm for at least one hour, look at my phone to avoid facing the reality, then realising I just spent hours laying in bed without really resting and browsing my phone absorbing zero knowledges nor entertainment. But actually getting up and getting to my yoga mat, doing a little mediation afterwards, is something I can appreciate myself for. Hey, you did it. You didn&rsquo;t touch your toes, but you tried. You&rsquo;re a good girl.<br><br>Don&rsquo;t get me wrong, I still think gramming yourself in 500-buck yoga pants is dumb, despite how judgy and hateful it sounds. The physical pain after yoga<br><br><br></p>
